fix: fix precision timestamp link (#4603)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/write-data/developer-tools/api.md

|:-----------          |:----------                                               |
| Organization         | Use the `org` query parameter in your request URL.       |
| Bucket               | Use the `bucket` query parameter in your request URL.    |

> | Precision            | Use the [`precision`](/influxdb/cloud/tools/influxql-shell/#precision) query parameter in your request URL. Default is `ns` |

Reviewer: This isn't the correct link. This points to the precision setting of the InfluxQL shell, which would seem weird in this context. This link should actually point to https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/cloud/write-data/developer-tools/line-protocol/#timestamp-precision

```suggestion
| Precision            | Use the [`precision`](/influxdb/cloud/write-data/developer-tools/line-protocol/#timestamp-precision) query parameter in your request URL. Default is `ns` |
```
